Class user has a function at the top,
the first one,
which is just the functionality version
of user that we did earlier that creates
inside of an empty object, whatever.
That's this bit here and
we rename that portion of it.
We rename it what Katie?
Can you see what it says we rename it?
What did we name that bit that
previously was just a regular function?
What did we name that bit?
>> The constructor?
>> Constructor.
So we rename this bit,
I don't know why, constructor.
I mean, I do know why, but
we rename that bit constructor.
And rather than having to manually
populate the --set of shared functions
that the objects that get returned
out of calling user get a bond to.
Rather than manually populating them,
Griffin, what do we do instead?
We just announced that
it's functions there.
We just say, but all that's doing
when we announce those two functions,
is actually, under the hood, saying
user.prototype centered to increment,
user.prototype centered to login-- That's
literally doing exactly the same thing.
So we're just going to walk through
it to make sure it's really clear.
Lindsey, what's the top line
telling you to do?>> Carry
a function.>> The very top
line.>> Declaring a->> Class.
A class,
I'm gonna call it a class I guess.
And it has two parts to it,
what's the first part tell it to do?
We go straight in and
do this stuff immediately.
What's the first part tell us to do,
Lindsey?
>> Run a constructor.
>> Well not run, create.
>> Create.
>> So at this point
There it is.
It's given the label constructor which
means now we can specifically say,
when I call user I'm calling this
bit the constructor portion of it.
But we can see it's absolutely identical,
okay.
And then we get to just lift off the
functions that we want to get stored in
the user.prototype.
We don't even do commas between
them you just list them off.
>> And what's the first one say, Lindsey?
>> Increment.
>> Increment, which gets stored
automatically because this new syntax
class says store it increment
in the user.prototype.increment.
There it is.
And then login gets stored,
user.prototype.login.
And at the end of that block,
you've achieved exactly the same thing
in practice as we did in solution three.
But, it is a little bit
more like our python or
other languages where we've listed all of
our functions that are gonna be shared by
the resulting objects that
come from running user.
But, it's all a mask.
It's all a mask for how JavaScript's
actually working under the hood.
Under the hood, it's doing all of this,
and it's important.
There's levels of under
the hood we wanna reach.
There's levels that we don't wanna reach.
There's levels where we don't
need to go that deep because.
Doing so doesn't help us write cleaner,
better code, easier to debug,
more efficient.
We just don't need to
know most of the time.
This is a level we do need to know.
if we don't realize that
when we are doing this.
If we think when we come to JavaScript
coming from Python, that the is behaving
the same as [SOUND] Python, we're gonna
get incredibly upset when we discover
that, actually, under the hood We have
this prototype prototype property that
has a bunch of shared function on it, and
that's actually where our functions are.
We're gonna get very upset when we try and
understand what's happening inside
the core to user with a new keyword,
and it's saying this.
What is this,
it's this auto created object,
well we want to change the product.
How do we do that?
>> None of it's going to work the way
we expect from other languages because
it's wrapping up a prototypal language.
Jobs are inherently a typal language.
It does not behave in the typical
classical style that is known from other
languages.
And yet, we didn't know that I guess.
Maybe we do?
But now.
Benefits, this approach,
this final version,
this solution four emerging
as the new standard.
Feels more like the sound of
other languages like Python.
It emulates very closely.
Problems.
Not even 99%, 99.9% of developers
have no idea how it works, and
that means it's hard to debug but its also
every senior, or every VP of engineering,
every senior developer's favorite
itnerview question for mid and
senir developers,
how is the new keyword working?
Well, man, one of our favorite problems
is a set of codesmith in the first couple
of weeks,
is rebuild the new keyword for us.
We have everything.
We can rebuild the new keyword.
We wouldn't rebuild it that way, but
we can create a function that achieves
the same as a new keyword, no problem now.
Because we know every single piece.
Solution two was just bundled up,
wrapped up,
given some fancy automatons
by solution three,
just automated bunch of,
got rid off bunch of stuff,
automated it with a new keyword,
these it is.
And then solution four said,
even that was too long winded.
Let's make it even easier.
Now, to find me a clause,
I'll put increment and
login in the prototype
in user dot prototype.
I'll put it in their for you.
Just list them off there.
I'll o it for you.